# Development Tool

This is a [Ratatui] app generated by the [Event Driven Async Template].

[Ratatui]: https://ratatui.rs
[Event Driven Async Template]: https://github.com/ratatui/templates/tree/main/event-driven-async

## Features

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c300f2b4-9142-4a5c-bbff-a91561652826

### GitHub Compare

--  Configure with **preproduction** and **production** healthchecks, along with the repository URL.
- Generates a **compare URL** that allows you to inspect code differences between the two environments.
- The URL can be copied to your clipboard or opened directly in your default browser.

### M2M Auth0 Token Generator

- Configure with the appropriate credentials to generate tokens for **services per environment**.
- Supports easy copying of tokens for use in your workflows or scripts.

### Persistence:

- All data for each feature is retained while the TUI is running.
- Navigating away from a tool will not remove its data, allowing seamless switching between features.

## Installation
### Prebuilt Binaries (Recommended)

Prebuilt binaries are available for macOS and Linux.
1. Go to the Releases page of this repository. 
2. Download the archive corresponding to your operating system.
3. Extract the archive.
4. Move the dev-tool binary into a directory on your PATH, for example:
    ```bash
    sudo mv dev-tool /usr/local/bin
   ```
5. Create the configuration directory and copy the default configuration:
    ```bash
    mkdir -p ~/.devtool
    cp config/config.yaml.dist ~/.devtool/config.yaml
    ```
6.  Open ~/.devtool/config.yaml and configure it with your required values.

### Run From Source

If you have Rust installed, you can also run the application directly from source.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:aussieveen/devtool.git
cd devtool
cargo run
```

⚠️ The configuration file at ~/.devtool/config.yaml is required when running from source as well.

### Supported Platforms
- macOS (Intel & Apple Silicon)
- Linux (x86_64)

### Notes
Ensure the binary is executable: `chmod +x dev-tool`

Make sure `/usr/local/bin` (or your chosen directory) is included in your PATH.

## License

Copyright (c) Simon McWhinnie <simon.mcwhinnie@gmail.com>

This project is licensed under the MIT license ([LICENSE] or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

[LICENSE]: ./LICENSE
